improve Neon guide, highlighting API use in Next.js (#1234)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/databases/neon.mdx

### Integrate the Next.js Clerk SDK

Follow the [Next.js quickstart](/docs/quickstarts/nextjs) to integrate the Next.js and Clerk SKD into your application.

### Protect your application routes

> To ensure that only authenticated users can access your application, protect your application routes by adding the following configuration:

Reviewer: Yes I like this !

```typescript {{ filename: 'middleware.ts', mark: [3] }} 
import { clerkMiddleware } from '@clerk/nextjs/server';

export default clerkMiddleware((auth) => { auth().protect() });

export const config = {
  matcher: ['/((?!.*\\..*|_next).*)', '/', '/(api|trpc)(.*)'],
};
```

### Set your neon connection string

Add the Neon connection string to your project's environment variables. You can find the connection string in the [Neon console](https://console.neon.tech/). Your environment variable file should have the following values:

```sh {{ filename: '.env.local' }}
DATABASE_URL=NEON_DB_CONNECTION_STRING
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY={{pub_key}}
CLERK_SECRET_KEY={{secret}}
```

### Set up the application schema and database connection

> To define the database schema and set up the database connection, create a `schema.ts` and a `index.ts` file in the `app/db` directory. In this example, `user_id` will be used to store the user's Clerk ID in the database.

Reviewer: let's combine both suggestions and see how it looks - and then decide :~)

> To define the database schema and set up the database connection, create a `schema.ts` and a `index.ts` file in the `app/db` directory. In this example, `user_id` will be used to store the user's Clerk ID in the database.

Author: added in https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/1234/commits/5cc044ccacbe365651c2cd476991c68086361e07

```
</CodeBlockTabs>

### Push the schema to the database

> To load the schema into the database, create a `drizzle.config.ts` file at the root of your project and add the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To load the schema into the database, create a `drizzle.config.ts` file at the root of your project and add the following configuration:
```

```typescript {{ filename: 'drizzle.config.ts' }}
import { defineConfig } from "drizzle-kit";
import { loadEnvConfig } from "@next/env";

loadEnvConfig(process.cwd());

if (!process.env.DATABASE_URL) {
  throw new Error("DATABASE_URL must be a Neon postgres connection string");
}

export default defineConfig({
  dialect: "postgresql",
  dbCredentials: {
    url: process.env.DATABASE_URL,
  },
  schema: "./app/db/schema.ts",
});
```

> Run the following command to push the schema to the database:

Reviewer: Let's have this use a numbered list to keep it consistent across our docs - if a `<Step>` has more than one instruction in it, we use a numbered list.

Let's also rearrange this sentence to follow the same structure as the previous one: Why, then how (take action). Why = "To push the schema to the database", How = "Run the following command"

```suggestion
1. To push the schema to the database, run the following command:
```

```sh {{ filename: 'terminal' }}
npx drizzle-kit push
```

### Creating server actions with Clerk

> To add and delete user messages from the database, create an `actions.ts` file in the `app` directory. Use the `currentUser` function from the Clerk SDK to get the user ID and interact with the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an `actions.ts` file in your `app` directory and add the following code in order to create Server Actions that will handle your form submissions. You will have two forms: one for creating and one for deleting messages.

To interact with the database, Clerk's [`currentUser()`](/docs/references/nextjs/current-user) helper is used to get ID of the current user of your application. Then, the ID is either attached to a newly created message or used to find an existing message for deletion.
```

Author: I think the functions are easy enough to read, so we can skip the last sentence.

```suggestion
To handle form submissions for adding and deleting user messages, create two Server Actions in `app/actions.ts`. Use the `auth()` function from Clerk to obtain the user ID, which will be used to interact with the database.
```

```typescript {{ filename: 'app/actions.ts' }}
"use server";

import { currentUser } from "@clerk/nextjs/server";
import { UserMessages } from "./db/schema";
import { db } from "./db";
import { eq } from "drizzle-orm";

export async function createUserMessage(formData: FormData) {
  const user = await currentUser();
  if (!user) throw new Error("User not found");

  const message = formData.get("message") as string;
  await db.insert(UserMessages).values({
    user_id: user.id,
    message,
  });
}

export async function deleteUserMessage() {
  const user = await currentUser();
  if (!user) throw new Error("User not found");

  await db.delete(UserMessages).where(eq(UserMessages.user_id, user.id));
}
```

> ### Render the UI based on the user ID
> 
> To conditionally render the page based on the user ID, create a `page.tsx` file in the `app` directory. Use the `currentUser` function from the Clerk to get the user ID and query the database for existing messages.
> 
> If a message exists, display the message and a button to delete it. If no message exists, display a form to create a new message.

Reviewer: There will already be a `page.tsx` file in the `app` directory - this tutorial requires the user have a Next.js app set up and this page is present out-of-the-box. So we can remove this instruction.

We don't use `currentUser()` to conditionally render the page - clerkMiddleware() will protect the page for us. We use `currentUser()` to get the `user.id` in order to query the database - the `if (!user)` check is only there as a 
TypeScript check for checking if `user` is null.

Also, almost always provide a reference link where you can. I've added it to `currentUser()`:

```suggestion
### Create the UI of the home page

In your `app/pase.tsx` file, add the following code to create the UI of the home page. If there is an existing message, the user can view and delete it; otherwise, they can add a new message.

To get the user's messages, Clerk's [`currentUser()`](/docs/references/nextjs/current-user) helper is used to get ID of the current user of your application. Then, the ID is used to query the database for the user's messages.

To allow the user to delete or add a message, the forms are handled by the `deleteUserMessage()` and `createUserMessage()` actions that you created in the previous step.
```

Author: Great suggestion. I edited lightly to use active voice in the second paragraph.

```suggestion
### Create the UI for the Home Page

In your `app/page.tsx` file, add the following code to create the UI for the home page. If a message exists, the user can view and delete it; otherwise, they can add a new message.

To retrieve the user's messages, use Clerk's [`currentUser()`](/docs/references/nextjs/current-user) to obtain the current user's ID. Then, use this ID to query the database for the user's messages.

To enable the user to delete or add a message, use the `deleteUserMessage()` and `createUserMessage()` actions created in the previous step.
```
